This file documents any notable observations made from the simulations themselves, from
physical observations and to analysis of the code's behavior through the simulation.
NOTE: The word "iteration" here commonly refers to a loop in logic, for example: One iteration is the 
same as one relaxation loop in the analysis on relative error below.

Relative error vs number of relaxation loops show an overall trend down between runs when
the max relaxation loop limit is reached. We see that the relative error increases slightly
when the cirlces move, indicating that it is a good measure of the difference in potential field
from where it is to where it should be. Some frames show a VERY large increase in the relative
error, this corresponds to when the electric field around a circle increases greatly, leading to
a circle moving over a significant distance, thus leading to another large change.

If not enough relaxation loops are performed at minimum, then some interesting errors occur. In 
short, the potential field doesnt dissipate fast enough if there's a large change, leading to a 
large electric field gradient, leading to the circles moving in ways they shouldn't. From the 
data analysis done so far, at least 200 loops is enough to make sure most errors dissipate.

For a small set of circles the simulation behaves as expected, forming a bridge of circles towards 
each electrode. For perfect circles however, when a large number of them are generated in a random 
distribution they form lines tanget to the direct path between the two electrodes. This is primarily 
due to a quirk within the simulation the freezes the circles after they collide with the electrode. 
This behavior clashes with expectations drawn from experiments but may not be necessarily untrue.

For measuresments that simulate applying a current along the magnetic easy axis, the circles were 
elongated in that axis. In these measurements a bridge almost always forms between the two electrodes. 
This corresponds highly with the expected behavior. 

These sets of measurements reveal a need for the metallic regions to be able to break free to align 
more closely to the "lines of metallic regions" that we see in MFM scans.

